Android Authority what is going on my
name is Kevin aka the tech ninja and
today I have 10 tips and tricks for the
LG g2 the very first tip that I have for
you guys today is turn on the smart
screen it determines if you're looking
at your device by detecting your eyes
you can tell it's activated because the
eye icon pops up in your notification
bar this I will appear every time the
phone looks to sleep and if it detects
your eyes the screen should stay on
to get not going to work most of the
time say knock on at this temple knock
on also the top portion of the phone
where the quick window is located
appears to listen for the knock on
location more so than any of the
location on your phone you can also do
this on the stock homescreen launcher
just to the knock on while you're on
your homescreen to turn off your display
the third tip I have for you when you
are using the default home launcher if
you expand your fingers out it hides
everything on your desktop and just
shows the wallpaper now to bring your
icons back just do a pinch gesture with
the screen off hold the volume down for
three seconds and this opens the camera
press the volume down again to take a
picture
also with the screen off hold the volume
up for three seconds and it opens quick
memo
for the fifth tip to change your SMS
theme within messages press Menu
conversation theme then you're able to
change your wallpaper and SMS bubble
you
you are able to change this per contact
as well open a conversation with that
person go to menu and select change
theme and once again complete the exact
same steps
since the volume and power buttons on
the back of the device taking
screenshots can get pretty tough swipe
up from the bottom and go to the right
for quick memo from there you can save
your screen or share it I've came across
countless people who have no idea how to
use the wireless storage you need to be
on a wireless network then enable it
from your notification drop-down after
doing that it allows you to access your
device as a network share
once you open your application on your
device it has instructions for IP
address and password and to take things
up a notch further you can set a static
IP address on your device this will
ensure the login information stays the
same so on your computer you can set a
shortcut to that wireless storage W 10m
or wide 10 megapixel is the best photo
size for viewing images on your device
the reason I say that is because the 13
megapixel is a 4 by 3 ratio and since
the LG g2 and most HD devices are 16 by
9 ratio shooting on 4 by 3 causes black
bars on the side of your image yes the
megapixels are higher but the image does
not view in full screen I like to call 4
by 3 Instagram mode
the g2 has a built-in clipboard manager
anything you copy including images stay
in this clipboard to access this go to a
blank line where text could be entered
press and hold then select clip tray and
from here you can press on any clippings
to add it to your text
and last but not least number 10 when
you are in your gallery if you pinch in
on an image it puts you in a mode where
you can easily delete or share a picture
swipe up to delete or swipe down to
share alright folks that was 10 tips and
tricks for the LG g2 if you found this
video helpful go ahead and give this a
big ol thumbs up and also if you want to
stay connected to the channel and make
sure you see all the latest videos as
they come up go ahead and give it a
subscribe our folks once again my name
is Kevin aka the tech ninja it was a
pleasure to serve you and you can find
me on Google+ and YouTube
take care